Previously on Ride or Die...
I'm Redback. this is Whiptail.
and she's my best friend.
[exciting music playing]
[Debbie] I applied for a job.
-What is it?
-Going back to law.
-Well. I'm really proud of you.
-It's in New York.
I've done the most terrible thing.
Aah!
Redback's alive.
She's alive!
No.
[Director] I would caution you against
what you're planning to do next.
[Queenie] Well. I don't care
what you caution.
because I'm gonna kill her.
[David yelling]
Come on. let's go.
[whispering] Take me with you. please.
If you're looking for her.
I know where she's gone.
Don't worry. Dad. I got this.
Hello. Here you--
[Billy] We're getting out of here.
Now. who is that?
That's my ex-wife.
Your ex-wife is police?
They could have
this whole place surrounded.
I told you we couldn't trust this guy.
[Debbie] If it means protecting her.
there's nothing I wouldn't do.
[shouting]
She trusted you. so I'm gonna trust you.
You keep her safe.
[intriguing music playing]
[birdsong]
[mutters softly]
-[cries out. groaning]
-[Debbie] Judith.
Judith. Get up.
[whimpering]
Bil--
Billy?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Hey. sorry I took so long.
but I just found this baker
on the side of the road
and these croissants. I swear to God.
these are the best things
I've ever had in my...
-You thought I'd left?
-No.
Yes.
[laughs softly]
Come on.
You had the car. you could've...
Oh. shit. yeah.
I had the car. I could've just...
I'm an idiot.
I'm in. kid.
I'm in.
[phone ringing]
This better be important.
Yeah?
You're joking.
Oh. my gosh.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Yeah. hold on.
I'm just writing this down now.
Yeah?
Oh. mate. you're a lifesaver. Thank you.
All right. nice one.
That was Elijah.
He's found the money.
It's in Geneva.
[Ana] Did he buy it?
Yeah. he bought it.
Now. we had a deal. untie me.
Oh. right. The deal.
Yeah.
[gun cocks]
[♪ Gin Wigmore sings "Kill of the Night"]
♪ The street's a liar ♪
♪ I'm gonna lure you into the dark ♪
♪ My cold desire ♪
♪ to hear the boom. boom. boom
of your heart ♪
♪ The danger is I'm dangerous ♪
♪ and I might just tear you apart ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna catch ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya. get ya ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I wanna taste the way
that you bleed. oh ♪
F♪ You're my kill of the ♪
♪ night ♪♪
[Debbie] I have no idea
where my piece-of-shit husband
or his stolen money is.
[Collette] Right.
And what about this?
A fake passport?
We've had this checked
by every fraud department in the country.
They've never seen anything like it.
Where does the perfectly
innocent wife of an MP
have the connections
to get something like this?
I went to Leicester Square.
I thought. "That's a shady part of town."
I asked around.
people pointed me to this guy
outside of M&M World
who does caricatures and passports.
Now. I got a deal
because I sat for a drawing.
[chuckles] It was very poor. mind you.
Head was huge.
Don't be smart with me. Mrs. Claybourne.
You're in an insane amount of trouble.
We had a deal.
You help me and I help you
stop the Albanians.
I'm here. I'm doing my part.
We're wasting time.
[in French] You made her a deal?
She said she knew how the Albanians
were moving their drugs.
We're betting our entire reputation
on something a criminal said
while she was playing you.
Oui?
[tense music playing]
[whispering indistinctly]
[indistinct chatter]
[Jacques sighs]
[in English] Listen. Debbie.
I'm trying to help you here.
but you've got to start
being honest with me.
Who is she?
She's nobody.
-Oh.
-An acquaintance. I barely even know her.
She's nothing to do with this.
She's a forensic accountant.
A forensic accountant?
Who you're willing to go to jail
to protect?
There's a hole in your story. Debbie.
Come on. What are you not telling me?
Well. Mrs. Claybourne...
...we found the money.
What?
-Where?
-We tracked it
after it left the account in Monaco.
It's in Geneva now.
in a shared bank account
under your name.
I want my phone call.
[Billy] So is this a safe house?
[Judith] It's just an apartment I rent.
Don't get too comfortable.
We get in. we get the money.
we pay the Albanians.
save Debbie.
[Billy] And then what?
Then...
whatever.
You're free to go.
So. what about you? Where you going?
I'm going to find Ana.
And I'm going to kill her.
[lock clicking]
[soft clattering in distance]
[suspenseful music playing]
[door opens]
[grunts. groaning]
What the fuck are you doing here?
Fucking David. The fuck?
Don't kill him. Don't kill him.
What are you doing in my apartment?
Uh. hey.
Uh. Emilia gave me the key.
-Who?
-Your cleaner.
I haven't got a cleaner.
You think it just magically
stays spotless?
I organize cleaners
for all your safe houses.
In fact.
Emilia and I have a great rapport.
She's having a really difficult time
with her knee at the moment.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. stop.
Who the fuck are you
and what are you doing
-with this fucking weasel?
-[groans]
Don't kill him.
I mean. you can later if. you want.
It's just how we knew where Ana would be.
Where?
Where is she. Queenie?
So. she's going after his money.
that's why we're here.
We're gonna get to it before she does.
Oh. she took my tooth.
-You can shut the fuck up.
-[grunts]
She-she Red Sparrowed me.
Yeah. well. she...
Well. anyways. we're gonna kill her. so...
[Judith] Stop.
[Queenie] I don't really like
physical contact.
I've got you.
Okay? I'm here.
Don't worry.
I will get her.
Just wanted to give you
a little outfit check.
Casual but still chic.
-[loud crashing]
-Oh. my God.
-Oh. my God. my God.
-[people shouting]
-This guy just fell from the sky.
-[car alarm wailing]
We-we should cut.
[video stops]
[intense music playing]
[Director] Last night is under control.
[man] I don't know if I'd call
front-page news "under control."
Half the city have a video on their phone
of a body being dropped
from a seven-story building.
-It was an isolated incident.
-Was it?
One of your people just shot dead
three members of the Albanian mob.
A body was dropped on Central London.
Interpol have a body.
How long before somebody
starts connecting the dots
between dead men with no fingerprints?
-They have no leads.
-Yet.
Jack. your organization exists
because of your assurances to me
that it doesn't exist.
We've had a mutually
beneficial relationship
because you live in the shadows
and I don't ask questions.
But now that you're out in the light.
I have to ask...
what is going on?
Who is behind this?
A former operative.
Someone we thought dead.
Trained by you?
Oh. good.
Then an international assassin
of the highest caliber
is actively intent on drawing attention
to your organization.
You have a time bomb on your hands.
Clean up your house. Jack.
or we will clean it for you.
Can't believe you hit me
with a piece of wood.
It's a fucking trivet.
Calm down. both of you.
Just relax.
David. why don't you tell them what you
told us on the train. about the money.
Well. I had some dealings.
as you're aware.
with the Albanians to manage this...
transport bill situation.
And then when Debbie started
messing that up. it became--
[Judith] Do you want me to kill you?
Because I can.
She literally made you. Show some respect.
When Debbie did such a wonderful job.
it became clear that I might
have to give the money back.
So. I thought. while I have it.
why not put it to work?
So I put it in a Swiss bank account
with a considerable rate of interest.
My plan was.
if the bill fails.
then I get to keep my share of the money.
but if it passes
and I have to give the money back.
then...
...well. I can still keep the interest.
-I mean. I'm not proud of it.
-[Billy] Well. you look
fucking proud of it. don't you?
I'm just saying that.
under the circumstances.
it was a relatively sensible
financial decision. You know.
a failure is only a success
that's run out of time.
-What the fuck?
-I certainly did not know
that I was gonna get kidnapped. or
that Debbie would ever find out about this
or that the Albanians
would chase her or any of it.
And you told Ana all of this?
Everything. The whole story.
She was fascinated.
I told her about Billy.
about the Albanians.
about the Swiss bank account.
She wanted to hear all about it.
She was very interested in the. uh.
interest rate I'd managed to secure.
Oh. shut up about your plan.
Did you tell her about Elijah?
Well. yeah.
I mean. I had to tell her about Elijah.
He set up the original account
and I moved it from Monaco to Switzerland.
Nobody's listening.
I'll go get myself a fresh bag of peas.
'cause these ones have melted.
This is all part of her plan.
She wants us to go for the money.
But the one thing that we have
that she doesn't. she thinks...
...she thinks we have Debbie.
And she thinks he's dead.
She thinks he was killed
by the Albanians.
-So...?
-So...
we send him in.
Wait. him?
Yeah.
Then she'll be forced to improvise.
And-and when you say "improvise."
you mean she'll immediately kill him?
Yeah.
Either way. she'll show herself.
[grunts] So. what's the plan?
[in French] She's lawyering up.
Innocent people don't ask for a lawyer.
[in English] Mrs. Claybourne.
We're handing you
to the Spanish authorities.
-You will be detained--
-No.
I beg your pardon?
No. You won't be handing me anywhere.
because my phone call
was to Ergon Kreshnik.
[percussive music playing]
You just rang the head
of the Albanian mob?
You just called him up?
I started by calling the shell company
they used to pay David.
And once I finally got him on the phone.
I told him the same thing I told you.
That you want to give him back his money?
I do want to give it back.
I'm going to withdraw the money
from that account.
I'm going to hand it to him.
and then you're going to arrest him.
Tomorrow. 11:00 a.m. in the plaza
outside the Private Bank of Geneva.
No. no. no. no. no. It's too dangerous.
And I'm going to wear a wire.
-[sighs] Jesus Christ.
-[Colette] But you understand
that if we use that evidence in court.
then your husband...
Yeah.
It'll mean David goes to jail.
And if that works…
...what do you want?
Immunity.
For me.
And for her.
Holy shit.
We'll have a perfect view
of the bank up here.
What did you do?
To Ana.
What did you do to her?
Like. why is she doing this?
I killed her. Queenie.
Why?
Because she was gonna kill Debbie.
And then. after I killed her.
I started breaking the rules.
Like I wanted to be caught.
Like I thought I should be punished
for what I'd done.
And I have been punished.
A hundred times worse than getting caught.
I'll never. ever forgive myself
for what happened to your mum.
[somber music playing]
Did you know her?
Like... back in the day.
when she was an assassin?
A bit.
I wish she'd told me. I wish I had. like.
some stories to hold onto or something.
She never would've told you anything.
-Not ever.
-I get that you guys have to be secretive
and everything. but...
she must've done so many things.
uh. been so many cool places
-like this. lived this amazing life and--
-Hey. that...
That is not what this is.
We kill people.
Yeah. Bad people.
People.
Go on.
Thank you for bringing this stuff up.
What are you gonna do now?
I'm gonna stay here.
What. just all night?
Yeah. all night.
Yes. we travel the world.
Yes. we see amazing things
that no one else gets to see.
It's mostly waiting.
It's being alone.
That's the job.
I'm sorry. by the way.
Sorry for what?
Trying to kill you.
Never actually met anyone
we were meant to kill before.
No. you're all good.
I can't be angry with you. can I?
I mean. you're just a middleman.
It's like being angry with a secretary.
Right. well. I'm not a secretary.
I'm-I'm sort of a multi-hyphenate.
You know. the agent behind the agent.
I run point on all missions.
Oh. you run point. yeah?
That's cool.
Yeah. all right. I'm just saying.
it's an important job.
A job I probably don't have any more.
on account of absconding to Geneva.
stealing a load of agency equipment
to aid a revenge quest.
So. why are you here. then?
Loyalty to Whiptail.
A moral compass.
Help avenge Queenie's mum.
That's the one.
What do you mean?
You're in love with her.
No. [scoffs]
As if.
H... How do you know?
How do I know?
'Cause I've got eyes.
and I spent about seven seconds with you.
Right. well...
[groans]
So. uh...
Judith-- you-you must
know her pretty well. then. eh?
Has-has she. uh...
…got a fellow?
I have absolutely no idea.
I mean. she's never not completed
a hit before. so. in that sense.
-you're unprecedented.
-Hm.
Unprecedented. yeah?
-All right.
-But she's good at hiding stuff.
I mean...
you know. she kept a best friend
hidden for 25 years.
Yeah.
Can't even imagine the lengths she went to
to do that.
Yeah. so sh-she actually could be
hiding a-a boyfriend or a...
...husband or a lover or something?
But I don't think so.
I mean. listen.
if she's got a-a secret husband.
then she cheats on him.
-basically. constantly.
-[static over walkie talkie]
[David over walkie talkie] Uh. lads?
The longer I'm down here.
the less good I feel about this plan.
I'm dealing with two live wires
in a puddle. and I am very afraid that.
when I plug them in.
I might just immediately die.
Fuck.
Could he die from this?
Oh. yeah.
Look. David. you're almost certainly
gonna die tomorrow.
so what's the difference
if it happens today?
No. Absolutely not.
I cannot die. my affairs are not in order.
-One of you need--
-[electricity crackles]
One of you needs
to come down here right now
and be prepared to poke me
with a broomstick.
[clears throat]
Uh. hi. David. it's me. Um...
listen. he's kidding.
You're not gonna die.
The plugs are rubber.
your shoes are rubber.
You're fine.
-Well. is that true?
-[mouths]
[Billy] All right. David.
Let's go for it. mate.
[quirky music playing]
Okay. [sighs]
[Sam] We're in.
Come on.
[sighs]
-[rat squeaks]
-[whimpers]
[Colette] We're on for the morning.
so you're going to need your sleep.
Sorry it might not be
the first-class lifestyle you're used to.
[unsettling music playing]
You might have my ex-husband
wrapped around your little finger.
but it's not gonna work on me.
I don't trust you.
At all.
You pull anything tomorrow.
you will be back here
for a long. long time.
[♪ Novo Amor sings "Keep Me"]
Shh.
[Billy chuckles softly]
Bloody hell.
♪ It's probably nothing ♪
♪ But it's been on my mind sometime ♪
♪ and I can't let it go...
[Billy] You. um...
You worried about tomorrow?
Always worried about tomorrow.
♪ There's got to be something ♪
♪ that I could say ♪
♪ in time. but I ♪
♪ can't find the words ♪
♪ Keep me ♪
♪ keep me on fire...
[exhales]
♪ Keep me...
What's the plan. kid?
I'm gonna kill Ana.
Then I'm gonna pay the money back. and...
...get as far away from Debbie as I can.
So. I reckon I'd just run and
keep on running.
You know. that's the first thing
my old man taught me about this job.
Make enough money to die somewhere warm.
I know this little place in Cambodia.
It's called Sanloem.
-Means "far away and hard to see."
-Hm.
Come with me.
What?
Yeah.
Come with me.
-Yeah. we could...
-[scoffs]
We could sell fruit on the beach.
We could open up a little bar.
See if we still like each other
when we're not running and bleeding
and you haven't got a gun trained on me.
[chuckles]
You could wake up every morning and...
...trust I'm gonna be there.
If we don't like selling fruit. then...
...we can always rob tourists. can't we?
♪ Keep me ♪
♪ Keep me on fire ♪♪
♪ ♪
[Amanda] Talk to me. I need every camera.
Why don't I have aerial access?
We lost Redback. Scan all traffic cameras.
Last we heard. sir. she was in Monaco.
but she's on the move.
We believe Redback's
headed north to Geneva.
This is every agent we have.
-My suggestion is that we--
-No.
Everyone you send is going to die.
Then what do you suggest. sir?
[suspenseful music playing]
[ominous music playing]
Welcome. Mr. Kreshnik.
I was so sorry to hear about Spiro.
Keep my son's name
out of your fucking mouth. Open it.
-How much do you need?
-All of it.
All of it? Just to get your money back?
I don't give a shit about the money.
This innocent wife--
I'm gonna fucking kill her.
[exciting music playing]
[sighs]
So. there's no actual wire?
You can put a listening device
in pretty much anything these days.
When you make the handover.
we'll have the whole plaza surrounded.
Anything happens. we'll be there.
It'll be okay.
I know.
I can do this.
[David] I can't. I can't.
Yeah. I-I can't-I can't do this.
Yes. you can. all right?
Just calm down. all right? Stop sweating.
You're just a normal guy
walking into a bank.
You're just gonna go in there.
get the money.
you walk back to the car.
and we drive off.
-But...
-Yes.
Yes. at some point. this woman
is probably going to try and kill you.
and if you're lucky.
Judith will kill her first.
-But. um...
-David.
you tried to screw the mob.
you got yourself kidnapped.
you lied to your wife. Just do
one decent fucking thing in your life
and get out of the car. Now.
[suspenseful music playing]
[shaky breaths]
Okay. He's going in.
Yeah. got him. You got him?
We got him.
Okay. Any sign of her?
[Sam] No. Nothing.
She's here somewhere.
-Bonjour. monsieur.
-Bonjour. Um...
My name is David--
My name is David Claybourne.
and I would like
to withdraw 24...
[mutters] One. two. three. four...
[normal volume] Six. £24 million.
[clears throat]
Uh... plus interest.
One moment. sir.
Um. would you mind
waiting over there. please?
Thank you.
[Judith] New vehicle.
East end of the plaza. Run the plates.
It's there. The catering van.
-Ready?
-Ready.
[door opens]
[Judith] What the fuck
is Debbie doing here?
Holy shit.
Oh. my God.
-I'm going in.
-[Queenie] No.
If you go in there. we're gonna lose Ana.
She can't know you're here.
[Billy] No. no. no.
She's okay. She's safe. Just...
We need to wait this out.
But if she's here. then-then-- okay--
then Interpol are here.
-Find me their radio signal.
-Yeah. I'm on it.
Oh. fuck.
What's she doing?
She's going to get the money.
[teller] Bonjour. madam.
Hello. my name is Debbie Claybourne.
And I would like to close that account...
Yeah. I got it. the radio signal.
[Debbie] ...and withdraw the funds
in their entirety.
Yes. Mrs. Claybourne.
Would you like to wait with your husband?
I-I'm sorry. My what?
Your husband.
[up-tempo music playing]
[mouths]
Where is she going? Who the hell is that?
-It's the husband.
-Pull her out.
-All units. mobilize now.
-[Jacques] No!
-All units.
-N-No. You have to let this play out.
All units. stand down.
I repeat. all units. stand down.
Debbie. Debbie. beautiful Debbie.
please. calm down.
-I can explain.
-You... [grunts. groans]
[gasps]
What happened?
She punched him.
Good for her.
Go on. my girl.
-Ooh. I'm gonna kill you!
-[David] Uh. mm... [clears throat]
Mr. and Mrs. Claybourne. right?
Is there a problem?
No. no. not at all. I'm-I'm...
-ready to carry out the withdrawal.
-So am I.
Yes.
We are here to...
withdraw the money together.
Parfait. Right this way. please.
Oh...
I had no idea he was going to be here.
-What the hell are you doing here?
-I'm here to get the money.
-What are you doing here?
-I'm here to get the money
to pay the Albanians back
because you stole it and ran away.
-I didn't steal it.
-You let me think you were dead.
I was kidnapped and tortured.
She took my tooth. Look.
What were you thinking. taking bribes?
You don't understand
what it was like being kidnapped.
-You have no idea what I've been through.
-Et voilà.
-Here we are.
-[elevator bell dings]
-Thank you.
-Appreciate you.
[elevator bell dings]
What you've been through?
I've been chased all across Europe.
I've been shot at.
I jumped from a moving train.
Oh. and get this.
I had sex with an Australian.
Oh...
He was 26. maybe 27. tall.
tattooed. had a necklace made of shells.
Go on. girl.
And we had the hottest sex in the shower.
Don't be absurd. all right?
You're embarrassing yourself.
[percussive music playing]
You're right.
I-I-I made that up to try to hurt you.
I can't imagine what you've been through.
All the stress of dealing
with the Albanians on your own
must've been awful.
It was.
Though it forced me to think creatively.
and th-that's why
I moved the money. you know.
Either the transport bill fails
and I keep the money
or it passes and I have to give it back.
but keep the interest.
[chuckles]
Very good idea.
Thank you.
And it wasn't just
me taking bribes. either.
you know. There was a whole gang of us.
There was Ian. there was Oliver.
there was Bernhardt.
We were gonna take
a share of the money each.
split evenly.
though with a bit more for me
because I was the ringleader.
-[elevator bell dings]
-Hello.
Hi.
Right this way.
You were never going to tell me?
Of course not. Why would I tell you?
If you'd known anything about it.
you'd have stopped me. Oh.
You're never gonna believe this.
-Judith is an assassin.
-Shut up.
-[feedback squeals]
-[exclaims]
Ah! What's that?
[Debbie] Shut up.
Don't even mention her name.
I don't care who she is
or what she's done. she's my best friend.
Mr. and Mrs. Claybourne.
This is a highly unusual request.
but for such highly valued clients.
we are able to accommodate you
at such short notice.
provided you would accept Swiss francs
in denominations of 1.000 franc notes?
-Yes. Thank you.
-Wonderful.
On the desk there
is all the paperwork for you to sign.
And we will begin counting your money.
Um. and-and what's this?
That's your total. including the penalty
for early withdrawal.
Um. so I...
...lost money?
[foreboding music playing]
The second she walks out that door.
kill the fucking bitch.
[Judith] Sam. eyes north.
End of the plaza.
The motorbike. Who the fuck is that?
I can't get an ID through the helmet.
[Queenie] It's her.
Look. it's got to be her. Let's go.
Let's go!
[Judith] Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. Queenie.
just take a second.
No. she's almost there.
[guards speak French]
Come on. come on. come on.
[Sam] It's okay. It's okay. it's not her.
Tick. Tock.
Tick.
Tock.
[gasps]
-Oh. shit.
-[in French] It's smoke!
Help!
[in English] Tick. Tock.
[people screaming. exclaiming]
[propulsive music playing]
Hm.
Sam. where's Debbie?
[Sam] Can't see anything. There's
too much smoke. All cameras are gone.
-[alarm blaring]
-You'll be going into every room
and check if anybody's in there. yeah?
Bring them out.
Grab all your keys. lock your desk.
and get to safety. please.
[alarm continues blaring]
-Whoa. Um...
-[guard] Security!
-The hell is-- Ow. What is that noise?
-[guards speaking in French]
Whoa. hang on. hang on. No. we're
not leaving. because that's my money.
-[overlapping shouting]
-We can't just leave it there.
What are you-- Somebody'll take it!
What the hell is fucking happening?
What is that?
[indistinct chatter. shouting]
She's played us. All units.
mobilize now. This is an escape attempt.
[in French] I knew it!
[suspenseful. dramatic music playing]
[in English] Billy!
Start the car!
They'll be evacuating round the back!
Fucking bitch.
[people screaming]
Aah! Aah!
[gunshot]
-[overlapping shouting]
-[coughing]
[ambulance driver] This way. madam.
[Debbie] Thank you.
[coughing]
[cars honking]
-Police! [shouts in French]
-Police!
Start the car. Start the fucking car!
We've got to get round the left
to the building and cut her off.
[gasps]
[somber music playing]
[coughing]
Sam. it's me. She's here. She took Debbie.
She put her in an ambulance.
She's got Debbie!
[screams]
[gasps]
[short chuckle] Bonjour. Debbie.
[sinister music playing]
I'm sure you forgot.
but we actually met before.
I know you.
We met in Turkey.
-[Ana] What is your name?
-[Debbie] Debbie.
-Oh. it's Debbie. Love that name.
-[Debbie laughs]
Yes. You remember.
[Debbie] Where'd you get that?
Oh. uh. I've been to your house.
Gorgeous use of color in the kitchen.
really pops. That's where I found this.
And this.
Oh. this is a nice one.
Oh. Christmas?
And this and this and this.
[chuckles]
Did she tell you what she did to me?
Whatever it is. I'm sure you deserved it.
Deserved it.
Yes. because she only kills bad people.
Do you want to know
what happened that night in Turkey?
After dinner. you went to bed. and--
oh. wow-- you slept really well.
Super. super deep.
almost like somebody
had given you something.
And then. while you were sleeping.
she came to me and we killed three men.
[grunting]
She likes to say "assassinated."
but. hey...
we murdered them.
[chuckles]
And. uh. then. while we were leaving.
she stops and... [clicks tongue]
-kills me.
-[screams]
Shoots me.
Point blank.
Left me for dead.
Except. surprise! Not dead.
Death would've been much nicer
than where I ended up.
And while I was in there...
...the only solitary.
single thought I had
was revenge.
I had a whole plan.
The only thing I didn't think of was you.
I find her. I follow her. I watch her.
and she's still with you.
So now you become my obsession.
Thought you were someone really important.
Turns out you're just like me.
You thought she was your friend.
And I was going to kill you. [scoffs]
But then I realized I can do something
much worse than kill you.
I can make you understand.
I can make you see who she really is.
I thought she was my best friend.
She killed me.
You thought she was your best friend.
She's been using you
since the day you met.
What are you talking about?
[gun cocks]
Oh. h-how did you meet. again?
Pregnant lady on the side of the road.
kind Samaritan pulls over.
Well. the police were looking
for a single driver.
and I saw the opportunity for a cover.
so I picked up this woman
on the side of the road.
[agency debriefer over video]
And the targets?
[young Judith] Both bodies
were safely in the boot of the car.
She only picked you up
so she could use you.
It was a long time ago.
and-and-- and... she didn't know me.
[Judith panting]
[Debbie] And she needed to escape.
[Ana] Always defending her.
-S-So...
-[Ana] Yeah. No. you're right.
It was a long time ago.
[Ana over speaker]
Now that you're really friends.
she'd never do anything
like that to you. right?
Remember that job you wanted in New York?
Remember how you didn't get it?
No.
[Ana] So. back in Turkey.
after she kills me.
she goes back to your hotel.
[somber music playing]
[laptop chimes]
[Debbie] I applied for a job.
-It's in New York.
-What?
[crumple effect on computer]
[Ana] Poof. Deletes the email.
The one saying you got the job.
-Relocating to New York--
-[mutters]
how wonderful. how exciting.
A whole new chapter. Debbie.
Just like that. Poof.
-Delete.
-No.
No!
[agency debriefer] Can you explain
your request regarding the law firm
in New York for a...
Mrs. Debbie Claybourne?
[Judith] A cover I use from time to time
was offered a position out there.
I deleted the initial e-mail
offering her the job.
I need to ensure that
the position remains closed.
[agency debriefer] Why?
[Judith] She's been
an invaluable civilian asset.
With her. I appear as she is--
a boring. average.
middle-aged woman.
We go to antiques fairs.
[agency debriefer] Does she
suspect anything?
[Judith] Nothing.
-Debbie!
-[agency debriefer] We have concerns
that you've used this cover
a number of times.
Is emotional attachment an issue?
[scoffs]
With her?
Absolutely not.
[sirens wailing]
[dramatic music playing]
[overlapping shouting]
-[Sam sighs] That's the evidence.
-[Queenie] Turn right.
[Sam] Yeah. no. I'm turning right.
[Queenie] She's got to be
around here somewhere.
Stop the car. stop the car!
Wait. there she is. It's her. That's her!
All right. do it.
Do it. Sam.
Do it. Sam!
She's getting away!
Hey. do it. Sam!
I could've done it.
Sorry.
[Jacques] Debbie? Debbie?
Debbie?
Debbie.
Debbie. are you all right?
[♪ No Ceremony sings "Awayfromhere"]
♪ Can't hide ♪
♪ The way things used to be ♪
♪ Turn the lights down ♪
♪ Turn the lights down low...
Who is she?
♪ We'll hide away. away ♪
♪ Away from here ♪
♪ Turn the lights down ♪
♪ We'll hide away...
She's an assassin.
♪ Away ♪
♪ Can't hide...
Let's go home.
♪ The way things used to be ♪♪
[pensive music playing]
♪ ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-